Duet AI  documentation lookup prompts for Beam ML (#30351)
apache/beam: learning/prompts/documentation-lookup-nolinks/38_ai_runinference.md

Key features of the RunInference API include:
* Support for both batch and streaming inference.
* Centralized model management for efficient memory and bandwidth usage.
* Compatibility with multiple model frameworks and model hubs.
* Automatic model refreshing to ensure the latest model version is used.
* GPU support for model inference.

The RunInference API supports a variety of frameworks and model hubs, including TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, XGBoost, Hugging Face, TensorFlow Hub, Vertex AI, TensorRT, and ONNX. Additionally, you can easily integrate custom model frameworks.

To import a model into your Apache Beam pipeline, you will need to configure the `ModelHandler` object, which wraps the underlying model and allows you to set necessary environment variables for inference.

Here is an example of importing a PyTorch model handler for use in your pipeline:

```python
from apache_beam.ml.inference.pytorch_inference import PytorchModelHandlerTensor
from apache_beam.ml.inference.base import RunInference

  model_handler = PytorchModelHandlerTensor(
    # Model handler setup
  )

with pipeline as p:

>     predictions = p |  'Read' >> beam.ReadFromSource('a_source')
>                     | 'RunInference' >> RunInference(model_handler)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    predictions = p |  'Read' >> beam.ReadFromSource('a_source')
                    |  'RunInference' >> RunInference(model_handler)
```
Spacing nit

To import a model into your Apache Beam pipeline, you'll need to configure the `ModelHandler` object, which wraps the underlying model and allows you to set necessary environment variables for inference.

Following is an example importing a `Pytorch` model handler to use in your pipeline:

```python
from apache_beam.ml.inference.pytorch_inference import PytorchModelHandlerTensor
from apache_beam.ml.inference.base import RunInference

  model_handler = PytorchModelHandlerTensor(
    # Model handler setup
  )

with pipeline as p:
    predictions = p |  'Read' >> beam.ReadFromSource('a_source')
                    | 'RunInference' >> RunInference(model_handler)
```

For comprehensive end-to-end examples of inference with supported model frameworks and model hubs, refer to the Apache Beam GitHub repository.

If you need to run inference on a model that isn't explicitly supported, you can create your own `ModelHandler` or `KeyedModelHandler` with custom logic to load and use your model. For an example of running inference on a custom model loaded with spaCy, refer to the examples in the Apache Beam GitHub repository.

> For recommended patterns and best practices when leveraging Apache Beam for inference tasks, see the RunInference Patterns section in the official documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For recommended patterns and best practices when leveraging Apache Beam for inference tasks, see the 'RunInference Patterns' section in the official documentation.
```
